this is the grand bahia principe
esmeralda pool we've just entered off of
beach
and it is an exclusive I guess you'd
call it like a boutique hotel a division
of the bahia principe but you do have to
have paste or room here in order to use
all the facilities much smaller very
nice oh very quiet the rooms are
incredible we could get a tour of the
sweet everyone gets a sweet very
family-oriented if some I think it's
very similar to the mbar adults only but
family who is one cool with in very
close proximity of the beach to all
inclusive are two Alec hearts here the
bar
I have no problem staying here it's very
similar to the diamond club actually
except for its close to beach if you're
thinking about the diamond will prob
also check out the Esmeralda price
differences if it's not much at all I'd
like to say go with the is where Elda
just do that little bit extra
there aren't as many umbrellas though as
the Diamond Club the diamond club
everyone gets an umbrella here you'll
see if you need shape during the day you
might have a little more difficulty
getting it here but again you'll see
that the building's surround the school
there's like lunch facilities lobby
full bar swim up and then you have a
nice little seating area and you'll see
immediately behind here in the video
there's construction going on this is
july 2010 and they are building onto the
Esmeralda's make it much larger but they
are unable to tell us when the
completion date will be so for the time
being you would see construction here so
i might hear it very much it's not
carrying a lot as well there is a an
adults-only pool here along this pathway
which looks positively for lasting that
very quickly and then head out wanted to
do a quick video of their eldest show
people give you any question as to what
to expect when she got here the adults
only it's a little pool I think it would
do the trick
very nice
a hot sunny day and the Sun is starting
to come out a bit
to the right is a Rio Calif which we've
stayed up before it's very nice and then
just more building to the left
I guess that's it that is your brief to
the Esmeralda from the beach pretty much
the end of the property like I said
small boutique type hotel hope you enjoy
bye bye